LLMEval performance (#40)
ml-explore/mlx-swift-examples: Applications/LLMEval/README.md

layer.  These lead to the stack overflows.

See discussion here: https://github.com/ml-explore/mlx-swift-examples/issues/3

### Performance

> Different models have difference performance characteristics.  For example gemma may outperform phi2 in terms of tokens / second.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Different models have difference performance characteristics. For example Gemma 2B may outperform Phi-2 in terms of tokens / second.
```

> You may also find that running outside the debugger is also a performance boost.  You can do this in xcode by pressing cmd-opt-r and uncheck "Debug Executable".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may also find that running outside the debugger boosts performance.  You can do this in Xcode by pressing cmd-opt-r and unchecking "Debug Executable".
```
